Document data format and example for featureSpec (#12394)
apache/druid: docs/ingestion/data-formats.md

## Input format

> > The `inputFormat` field is a new way to specify the data format of your input data which was introduced in 0.17.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `inputFormat` field to specify the data format for your input data.
```
We're on 0.22.1. It's not new anymore. :D

> Unfortunately, `inputFormat` doesn't support all data formats or ingestion methods supported by Druid yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `inputFormat` doesn't support all data formats or ingestion methods supported by Druid yet.
```
Unfortunately is unnecessary.

|-------|------|-------------|----------|
| type | String | Set value to `json`. | yes |
| flattenSpec | JSON Object | Specifies flattening configuration for nested JSON data. See [`flattenSpec`](#flattenspec) for more info. | no |

> | featureSpec | JSON Object | [JSON parser features](https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson-core/wiki/JsonParser-Features) supported by Jackson, a JSON processor for Java. The features control parsing of the input JSON data. Map the feature name to a Boolean value of whether the feature is enabled. For example: `"featureSpec": {"ALLOW_SINGLE_QUOTES": true, "ALLOW_UNQUOTED_FIELD_NAMES": true}` | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| featureSpec | JSON Object | [JSON parser features](https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson-core/wiki/JsonParser-Features) supported by Jackson, a JSON processor for Java. The features control parsing of the input JSON data. To enable a feature, map the feature name to a Boolean value of "true". For example: `"featureSpec": {"ALLOW_SINGLE_QUOTES": true, "ALLOW_UNQUOTED_FIELD_NAMES": true}` | no |
```
If a feature is not listed as "true", does it default to "false"? Maybe not for this PR, but do we need a list of features?

Author: The description links to the Jackson parser doc, where the features are listed.

### FlattenSpec

> The `flattenSpec` object bridges the gap between potentially nested input data (such as JSON, Avro, etc) and Druid's flat data model. It is an object within the `inputFormat` object.

Reviewer: nit: avoid parens if possible
